>> Jason Lengstorf: Let's dive in and
and build this Negroni fan site, right?
I'm really excited about this one.
Negroni's my favorite drink.
So they're a lot of fun.
And I think building the site
is also gonna be a lot of fun.
So let's close up these windows and
get into the Negroni site.
So, in our Negroni site,
we're gonna notice a couple things.
So first out of the gate,
we have a .environment file.
So we're gonna get into some advanced
stuff with environment variables.
And also we're kind of
starting from scratch here.
So we've got the history
is just some text.
The index is just in text.
>> Jason Lengstorf: There
is no layout components.
So that's a typo on my part.
Forgive me.
So we've got our index file and
our history file,
which we're just wrapping in fragments.
We've got some images that
we're not using right now and
then we've got some content
that we're not using right now.
So let's just take a look at what
this where our starting point is.
We'll do yarn workspace negronis develop.
So now we've got this site built.
And if I go back to our homepage,
we have kind of a simple homepage,
a little bit of text and
then a link through to learn some history,
a light history.
But again there's no content.
This is not a,
>> Jason Lengstorf: We need this
to do a lot, right?
So we need to install some themes.
We'll do yarn workspace negronis add, and
we're gonna add gatsby-plugin-theme-ui,
and that needs to come
along with theme-ui.
It also needs to come along with
@emotion/core and @mdx=js/react.
And then because I don't wanna
have to write that whole object,
I'm just gonna include
some @theme-ui/presets.
So that we can start with a theme
without having a right one ourselves.
>> Jason Lengstorf: In our config
file to actually use this,
let's set up modules.exports and
we will set up plugins.
We're just gonna use
gatsby-plugin-theme-ui.
>> Speaker 2: Is this supposed
to be module the experts?
>> Jason Lengstorf: Yes, it is.
That is gonna be the death of me today.
Thank you.
So we've got module.exports and
then we've got our plugins array.
And to start we're just gonna
use gatsby-plugin-theme-ui.
I then want to set up a theme.
So let's go in here,
we'll do gatsby-plugin-theme-ui and
we're gonna do an index
file to override the theme.
And then I'm gonna
import the roboto theme.
I'm gonna input it as theme so
that we don't have to rename it below.
And we're gonna import that
from the theme-ui/presets.
>> Jason Lengstorf: And
then I can export.default and
just kinda drop the theme right in there.